Name: Devil Worms
Difficulty: Very East - Hard
Connections: None
Summon: Wormegg, Babyworm, Teenworm, TeenwormH, Adultworm, AdultwormH, Elderworm, ElderwormH
Melee: Yes
Distance: Projectile
Type: Demon
Brightmaps: None
Actor Modification: None
ACS: None

Descriptions:
Baby worm: At this stage in a Devil Worms life they are very small and weak, not
able to endure much more than a few bullets. Though they tend to stay in a pack 
of ten or more worms in this stage to better hunt and survive. While being very 
weak they make up for in their small size and speed. They are great ambush 
predators and can overwhelm their prey in a large enough hoard waiting for the 
right time to strike.

Teen worm: During this stage in a Devil Worms life these worms grow slightly 
slower than when they were babies but they make up for it with a little more 
strength and two new hunting skills. Instead of only being able to bite they 
can now charge towards their prey and spit out chunks of earth to attack from a 
slight distance. They also tend to split away from the large pack of ten to 
smaller packs of four or five.

Adult worm: Nearing the end of a Devil Worms life cycle these worms become 
larger but also slower. Though what they lack in speed they make up for in 
strength. Their hide toughened up by the years of digging through hard earth and 
their teeth and horns becoming harder and heavy they have become one of the best 
earth dwelling predators. They have learned another hunting skill where they use 
the element of surprise to blindside its prey. Their pack size has also reduced 
to only two worms who will later on actually become each other's 
mate during breeding season. The Devil Worm's will only mate with another who 
has been with them for years. This means that if one of the worms die during 
this part of its life cycle it is very unlikely that the other mate will be 
able to reproduce.

Eggs During mating season the Devil Worm's will dig closer to the surface to 
breed and lay their eggs in a nest of up to one hundred eggs. These eggs are 
small and can usually be seen in a large spread out area that can carpet a large 
cave nest. They are very fragile and can be easily broken with a single bullet 
or even a punch. However, they are also very sensitive to sound and will 
prematurely open if disturbed, letting out a baby Devil Worm who will attack 
any potential predators.

Elder worm: At this point in the Devil Worms life cycle mating season has 
already passed and most of the worms have passes away shortly after breeding. 
However, in the event of a worm not being able to reproduce due to their mate 
dying before matting season, the worm will continue to live on. As it reaches 
this stage they have grown massively in size and have produced spikes in the 
rest of its body. These worms become highly aggressive and much more prone to 
attack using a new hunting skill that allows it to spike out their own spikes 
at their prey. They only appear by themselves due to being especially aggressive 
towards their own kind in a fight for dominates. Even though it is only one 
Devil Worm, at this stage not many other predators can even stand against it.